docker-stats: add page (#4939)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/docker-stats.md

# docker stats

> > Display a live stream of containers resource usage statistics.

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
> Display a live stream of resource usage statistics for containers.
```

> More information: <https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/commandline/stats/>.

> - Display live stream of all running containers statistics:

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Display a live stream for the statistics of all running containers:
```

`docker stats`

> - Display live stream statistics on multiple containers by name or id:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Display live stream statistics of a space-separated list of containers:
```

> - Display live stream statistics of a space-separated list of containers:

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Display a live stream of statistics for a space-separated list of containers:
```

> `docker stats {{container_name container_id ...}}`

Reviewer 2: Based in the `docker container` we can use:
```suggestion
`docker stats {{container_name}}`
```
This command is advanced, I think the user knows they can use the name or the ID.

> - Change columns format to display containers cpu usage percentage:

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Change the columns format to display containers' cpu usage percentage:
```

`docker stats --format "{{.Name}}:\t{{.CPUPerc}}"`

> - Display all containers (running and stopped):

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Display statistics for all containers (both running and stopped):
```

> - Show all containers including non running containers:

Reviewer 2: Based on `docker ps`, maybe this is better:
```suggestion
- Display all containers (running and stopped):
```
